It was an episode.
Now for the second lot
Xuandelu starting price 800,000
Each auction increases 10,000
Auction now
What is the matter with you
The starting price is 800,000 you call 80
If it's genuine, he's worth 800,000
If it is counterfeit
80 is a lot
If this is false
I ate it on the spot.
This gentleman
This proclamation is very precious
Before the auction starts
The screams from your auction house are close
It's the real thing.
Okay, if you don't believe me, come up and have a look
The first brother dug this stove to be real
You can't be wrong, can you?
The cost level of this furnace is very high
It's hard to tell.
But I'm sure it's fake why
earthworm
It's so busy
I heard that the Xu family has Xuandelong auctioning here
I'm here to join in the fun